<!-- @format -->

# Onboarding

1. Learn what this project is all about by reading the ABOUT section in README. If you have any questions about the project's scope, please reach out to tassilomorino within the Agileventures-Slack Channel or on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tassilo-morino-468150162/).
2. Join the project's Slack channel on [AgileVentures Slack](https://agileventures.slack.com/archives/C029UAAMRTL). There you can follow along in discussions and ask your questions, should you have any.
3. Install the application on your localhost. See INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS section in the README for a step-by-step guide.
4. We follow the agile approach to software development and would like you to follow these best practicies:
   1. **Pair programming:** We think that it is better to have two sets of eyes on the code rather than working solo. It leads to better solutions and a deeper understanding of the implemented code.
   2. **Automated tests:** Making sure that your application works as expected is a crucial part of the QA process. If you need to prioritize, go ahead and primarily focus on acceptance tests, but IF your feature involves complex units/components, do spend some time and energy on unit/component tests.
   3. **TDD/BDD:** All the talk about "write tests first and only then start writing implementation code" sounds great in tutorials and books, but reality is not that simple. TRY to use the process of writing a test case as a way to gather your thoughts about WHAT you want the end-user to experience and a general idea of how your feature will be structured. Don't be too hard on yourself and the try to follow the TDD doctrine. Having said that, we will NOT accept any new code that is untested. So if you don't follow "test-first-code-second", then at least write tests after the fact.
   4. We try to follow the [React Design Principles](https://reactjs.org/docs/design-principles.html) to the best of our ability, and we would like you to do the same. So please give them a good read, and discuss them with the dev team if you have a hard time internalizing them. There's a good chance that you are not alone in this. ;-)
5. We follow a code of conduct based on the general [guidelines of AgileVentures](https://github.com/AgileVentures/WebsiteOne/blob/develop/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md): "In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation."
